# Leave-Management-System-DEI-
This project is aimed at developing an online Leave Management System that is of  importance to either an organization. The Leave Management System (LMS) is an Intranet  based application that can be accessed throughout the organization or a specified  group/Dept. This system can be used to automate the workflow of leave applications and  their approvals. Leave Management application will reduce paper work and maintains  record in more efficient way. Modules With Functionality  There are two modules of the Leave Management System: Admin and Employee.  Admin will have the right to create department along with rights to approve and disapprove  applied employee leave  Employee will have the right to apply for the leave or delete his/her request of leave, view  Leave Status and keeping record of all the past leaves.  Brief overview of the technology:  Front end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript (along with Bootstrap and jQuery)  HTML: HTML is used to create and save web document. E.g. Notepad/Notepad++  CSS: (Cascading Style Sheets) Creates attractive Layout  Bootstrap: responsive design mobile friendly site  JavaScript: it is a programming language, commonly use with web browsers.  Back end: PHP, MySQL  PHP: Hypertext Pre-processor (PHP) is a technology that allows software developers to create  dynamically generated web pages, in HTML, XML, or other document types, as per client  request. PHP is open source software.  MySQL: MySQL is a database, widely used for accessing querying, updating, and managing  data in databases.   Server of eco web hosting is used to host this website and make it work   Software used:  VS code- for writing code of this website  FileZilla(FTP)- to connect with server and maintain this website.
